modify to include Airbyte Cloud option (#160)
Teradata/quickstarts: modules/elt/pages/use-airbyte-to-load-data-from-external-sources-to-teradata-vantage.adoc

== Overview

> This tutorial showcases how to use Airbyte for data integraion with Teradata Vantage, detailing both the https://docs.airbyte.com/using-airbyte/getting-started/[Aibyte Open Source] and https://airbyte.com/[Airbyte Cloud options]. We work with a very simple end-to-end setup to load data from Google Sheets to Teradata Vantage using Airbyte.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial showcases how to use Airbyte to move data from sources to Teradata Vantage, detailing both the https://docs.airbyte.com/using-airbyte/getting-started/[Aibyte Open Source] and https://airbyte.com/[Airbyte Cloud options]. This specific example covers replication from Google Sheets to Teradata Vantage.

```
